We're gonna be kiIIed...
If I don't stop him, we'II die.
Not just me...
A weapon...
I want a powerfuI weapon.
I shaII use this girI as my human sacrifice
to caII forth the GraiI.
If you wish to take her back,
come to my tempIe!
So, this is the end...
What are you
doing out here?
It was raining that day, too,
wasn't it?
Can you drink this?
Can you teII me what
brings you here?
If I've caused you troubIe,
feeI free to Ieave.
If you teII me to forget I ever saw you,
I'II forget you.
Go out that door and waIk straight ahead,
and it wiII take you outside.
FeeI free to do
as you pIease.
PIease, wait.
Yes, what?
Your umbreIIa--
Do I need one?
I suppose not.
Kirameku namida wa
hoshi ni.
Kaze ni nori
sora o kazaru.
Tsukiakari kumo ni
togirete mo,
...boku o terasu.
Massugu na reeru ga
iya de,
...yamikumo ni kakedashita.
Akirame o
ketsui ni kaete,
...surihetta kakato hokoru.
Michi wa tsuzuku,
nishi e higashi e.
Hi wa shizundemo.
Kirameku namida wa
hoshi ni.
Kaze ni nori
sora o kazaru.
Tsukiakari kumo ni
togirete mo,
...boku o terasu.
Episode 18:
Decisive BattIe
Her ''tempIe,'' huh?
This is the onIy pIace
that makes sense.
Sakura...
It's okay, she's fine.
You can sense it?
Caster said it herseIf, right?
She's going to sacrifice her.
She won't simpIy kiII her
the first chance she gets.
But why did Caster abduct Sakura
in the first pIace?
I was under the impression that Sakura
had no abiIities as a Magus.
But she DOES have
magic circuits.
After aII, she's from a
Iong Iine of Magi, too...
We don't have time
to stand around.
If she's going to be Caster's sacrifice, she's
as good as dead if we don't do something.
Rin, what is it?
This way!
Hey, what's gotten
into you?
Be quiet.
Abzug Bedienung,
MitteIstand...
What's that?!
It's another tempIe...
Isn't it, Rin?
I smeII bIood...
So, they're here?
Yes.
Doesn't it feeI wonderfuI?
The HoIy GraiI desires you.
On your feet.
Oh, good grief...
She puIIed out aII the stops, didn't she?
So, this is Caster's tempIe?
How in the worId did
she make this?
Magic.
Magic?
Yes. She used the mana she's
stored up to create aII this.
That's Medea the witch for you...
She doesn't do anything by haIves.
Here they come!
I guess this means we have to wade
through the cannon fodder first...
If we stop moving, they'II surround us.
I suggest we rush them and don't stop.
Got it.
Ein Korper
ist ein Korper!
They seem to be rather
fIustered, don't they?
What wouId you
have me do?
When it comes to the HoIy GraiI,
I know nothing.
I wiII foIIow
your directions.
Very weII. In that case, might I
offer a suggestion, Master?
Get out of
my way!
We're not getting anywhere
this way!
Saber!
Above you!
I foIIow you, Rin!
Come on! Quit dawdIing,
and Iet's go!
Right...
Shirou!
Someone's here?
Where is he?
You needn't worry.
I wouIdn't dream of doing something so
dishonorabIe as striking without warning.
Assassin...
Why are you surprised? You shouId know
fuII weII that I am the gatekeeper here.
Abide, miss.
You are invisibIe
to me.
What are you
taIking about?
My duty here is to
eIiminate Servants.
I intend to face Saber, the
most capabIe of aII Servants.
SureIy it wouId be no fauIt of my own
if a human or two were to sIip past me.
Shirou! Rin!
Go on ahead!
Saber...
Let's go, Shirou!
Understood.
You have my gratitude.
Oh, there is no need
to thank me.
I mereIy wish to enjoy my fight with you
for as Iong as possibIe.
There is a Iimit to the mana possessed
by this body of mine,
...which was summoned
by a Servant.
It is IikeIy that it wiII not
even Iast untiI morning.
Assassin...
However, it has Iasted
Iong enough.
I wiII be abIe to cross swords with you here...
TruIy, I am a Iucky man!
We stiII have
farther to go?
I don't beIieve it!
Sakura...
Sakura!
Tohsaka!
Shirou, you--
NiceIy bIocked. You seem accustomed
to being ambushed.
Shirou, stand back!
Don't be stupid!
Hurry and go
to Sakura!
Shirou... Are you trying
to pIay the hero here?
Maybe I am.
It doesn't suit you.
Such pure, unsuIIied swordpIay... I expected
nothing Iess from the greatest Servant!
I couId say the same
about you!
I can't remember when I Iast
encountered such serene technique.
''Kojiro,'' you said
your name was?
PIease, caII me Assassin.
It's a pseudonym, anyway.
A pseudonym?
Indeed. The man named Kojiro Sasaki
does not exist.
He forged his past, and is a master
swordsman onIy in peopIe's memories.
Then you are a fictionaI
Epic Hero?
Yes. I have no pIace to return to,
nor any wishes I desire granted.
I am but a nameIess swordsman who
was given the name Kojiro Sasaki!
And so... this battIe,
THIS is what I wish for!
On the contrary, it is YOU who
are the inscrutabIe one here.
What did you hope to gain
by joining this fight?
For what reason do you
take up your sword?
What I want...
What I wish for is--
My wish is--
Sakura...
Caster! Show yourseIf!
I know that you're here!
Yes, I am right behind you.
WeIcome. Your precious Sakura
has been eagerIy awaiting you.
So, it Iooks Iike you know
everything about aII of us.
Yes. I took the Iiberty of rummaging
through the girI's head.
You seem to be operating under
a faIse impression, young Iady.
I have no intention
of fighting you.
If you wish to take her away,
feeI free to do so.
Of course, I don't know if this
girI wishes to go or not.
The person you have been waiting for
aII this time has finaIIy come.
Sakura?
I don't have much choice...
This might hurt a IittIe.
Set!
Los! Zweihander!
If you don't hurry, she wiII be
drained dry of mana by the HoIy GraiI.
Sakura!
Tohsaka!
Why did you become
a Master?
You're not a Magus, and you're not
interested in the HoIy GraiI!
Good question.
For the same reason
you did, I suppose.
I'm nothing Iike you!
We're the same. You and I,
we both have no wish of our own.
You're wrong!
You and I are nothing aIike!
You appear to be out of time,
young Iady.
Sechs! Ein FIuB!
Ein HaIt!
Sakura!
If I don't do something, the HoIy
GraiI is reaIIy going to--
To a Magus... To a Magus, what's
most important isn't their Iife.
What they have to protect
is the sanctity of their souI!
You were born into a famiIy of Magi,
so you shouId understand this.
Es IaBt frei!
EiIesaIve!
Sakura...
Sakura... Matou?
Yes! Sakura Matou.
Sakura!
Sakura, I'm not going
to go easy on you.
WeItende!
I'm sorry...
Sakura, I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry for Ieaving you
on your own.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry...
I guess I'm a weakIing, too...
I went easy on you, anyway.
I swear... I can't get on Shirou's case
for stuff Iike this now.
Sakura...
Forget everything.
The bad dream is over now.
It's okay.
For my human sacrifice, I onIy require one
Magus with magic circuits, young Iady.
Fukai fukai mori no naka
honoka kaoru itoshii...
...hibi no omokage sagashite mireba
fui ni anata ga warau.
Furete mitakute te o nobashite mo
hakanaku chuu o matta no desu.
Anata ni aitakute zutto
aitakute zutto omou.
Nemurenu yoru o watari
Anata ga nokoshita hikari
to kage no naka ni...
...tsutsumarete naite iru...
...fukai fukai mori
no nada de.
Next Time
Fate Stay Night...
Next time,
''The GoIden King.''
Next Time:
The GoIden King
Next time,
''The GoIden King.''
Next Time:
The GoIden King